So far,
we've talked about some pretty cool stuff.
A lot of things building
off of previous things, QA,
piggybacking off of semantic,
semantic search,
piggybacking off of a little bit of
the chat stuff that we did earlier.
I mean, you could actually combine
all these things together.
You could combine the semantic
search abilities and
the Document QA abilities
with a chat-ability.
So you have a chat interface in which the
AI is equipped with the right abilities
to, I don't know, talk about different
datasets and search on different datasets.
The problem is trying to teach
the AI the instructions or
convince the AI that it
can do these things, and
then teaching it when to do those
things is quite complicated.
You'd have to be really clever
with your prompt engineering.
And up until recently
that's what people did.
LangChain actually has,
you can describe different tools,
is what they call them or
at least is what they used to call them.
Yeah, they have these tools like this.
A tool is basically like you teaching
the AI that it can do something on another
system.
They called them tools.
And it was basically like some
clever prompt engineering, like,
hey, AI,
here's some things that you can do.
Here's when you need to use each thing,
and
here's what each thing needs
from you in order to work.
And that was cool, but
it was never deterministic, and
it never really worked well, but
when it worked, it was magical.
Since then, GPT has added
something called function calling.
Function calling, which is like that,
but ltrained into the platform.
So function calling is really cool.
It basically allows you to upgrade GPT or
any other models that are trained
on something like this to,
instead of responding back with a message,
GPT will respond back
with a request from you.
It'll say, hey, I need you.
You told me I could run these functions,
and these functions do x, y, and z.
Based off the query,
the question you gave me, or
the prompt that you gave me, I need to
run this function that you said I can do.
And here are the arguments to
the function that you said you need.
So can you please go run that function or
whatever system you have, and
then report back to me with the answer?
Then I will then run your prompts, right?
So it itself won't run the function,
is asking you to run a function,
but what it does is it chooses
the right function to run based off
the context that it gives you or
that you give it.
So kinda complicated, but
it's actually quite simple in practice.
So we'll talk about that a little bit.
But I think you already have some
notes on it, so let's go to that.
So why do we need this?
Well, if you didn't know this,
LLMs are trained at a certain date and
then from there, they never learn again.
You might think that these LLMs, like GPT,
are connected to the Internet,
but they're not.
If I ask GPT right now, what is
the score of last night's game, right?
What is the score of last
night's football game?
I don't know what this thing is gonna say.
Yeah, I don't have real time information
to find out the score last weekend.
You can check it just doesn't know, right?
It got trained after a certain that
date in which it was released, and
the training was finished.
That's all it knows,
it doesn't know anything else.
So I might be able to ask it
a score about a game in 2005 or
who won the 2005 NBA finals, right?
I might be able to do that.
If it's not hallucinating,
I might be able to.
Yeah, actually I think that's right.
So, like, it knows that because it
was trained after that date, so
it found that information online
somewhere, so it's accurate.
So, yeah, what do you, just wait
to the next update to come out for
the new model to see if you
can get like today's score?
No, obviously you don't.
So you have to like upgrade the model
to be able to interact with the outside
world.
So that's one reason why we need
something like function calling,
and basically,
I talked a little bit about it.
It's basically just you telling the AI,
here are all the things you can do.
Here's what they do.
Here's how to know if you need them.
And then the AI is like, cool,
I'll tell you when I need to run them.
So go run them for me.
So it's like literally the AI
asking you to do some work,
which is kinda crazy
if you think about it.
But it works very, very well.
So, obviously, the benefits you get
is you get up-to-date responses.
So, for instance,
we just made that semantic search.
We just made that Document QA.
Well, if you told the AI that it can do
those things, and when it should do those
things, whenever it got a prompt that
it felt like it couldn't answer,
it can look to see like,
what are the functions I have access to?
Does any one of these functions
help me answer this question?
Yeah, they told me about a function that
I can use if I need to query a YouTube
video, and a prompt that it gave me
was asking about a YouTube video.
So I guess I'll respond back with, hey,
can you run that YouTube video
function that you said that I can do?
And here are the arguments
that you said you need.
Here they are.
And then when you're done processing that
function, can you pass it back to me,
so I can answer this prompt
that you originally asked me?
And that's basically
what function calling is.
It's really powerful how it works.
And then if you really think about that,
if you put that on a loop to where it
takes in that answer, and then it thinks
some more and then be like, you know what?
I need you to go run
this additional function.
I need some more information.
And then it takes that, and it's like,
you know what, can you go to Google and
look this up?
I need that too.
And then it just keeps doing that.
And it says like, all right,
I got everything I need.
Here's your answer.
It's really powerful, and
that's kinda what an agent is.
It kinda does things like that.
But there are a lot of challenges,
there's a lot of complexity around
handling the function calls.
Now you go from just having a user and
an assistant role in a chat.
And one time a system to now,
there's a fourth one called function, and
to be able to handle that,
you'll see it can get pretty crazy.
There's obviously a lot of latency
around the completion API to OpenAI,
but there's also the latency around
your system running the function.
And before they can answer the prompt,
all those function calls
have to have been ran before the AI
will proceed to answer the prompt.
So you might be waiting, I don't know,
if you have an agent, and
it's like continuously asking you
to go run these functions and
those functions are taking seconds.
I don't know, you're not gonna get
an answer back until all that's done,
I guess, right?
So it's stuff like that.
Accuracy, reliability,
is always the thing.
And then, yeah, security concerns.
Okay, what if one of the functions
you told it to do is like, hey,
use this function if you need to write
raw SQL to our database, all right?
[LAUGH] Yeah, exactly.
And AI is like, yeah, well,
someone asked me to update a user.
So, hey I'm gonna call the function
that you told me to, and
here's the SQL query
that I need you to run.
And then you just take whatever
SQL query they give you and
just run it against a database,
not knowing what it is, all cool.
Now someone just like updated
a user to have ID of two now, or
they updated the password to
be this new password, right?
So it's like, you gotta be a little
cautious about this stuff,
because you can't actually build a demo
of like, yeah, here's a chatbot where if
you ask it to change the password for
someone else, it'll do it.
And it will do it, it doesn't care, right?
And this is where people
start to get scared like,
it's gonna take over the world.
It's like, yes, but someone wrote that,
[LAUGH] someone made that reality, right?
So, yeah, that's some of
the security concerns there.
So don't give it access to things
that it shouldn't have access to.
You have to treat the AI
as if it's a user,
you wouldn't give a user direct
access to your database.
You shouldn't give an AI direct
And as long as you follow that
rule of don't trust users,
don't trust AI, you'll probably
be fine cuz there really isn't
much that AI can do that
a user wouldn't be able to do.
So some of those same protections
come in place for the most part.
There are some different ones.
Any questions on that?
It's a little scary, right?
>> It's quite the rabbit hole.
>> It is a deep rabbit hole.
And to be honest,
I haven't really wrapped my head
around all the implications of this yet.
Every day I'm like, wait.
Yeah, yeah, that's crazy.
This one AI talking to this AI.
Man, you can have a prompt that has
some function calling in it, and
one of the functions is to
call another AI, right?
[LAUGH] And
now you have a team of AIs who's working
together to accomplish something.
It gets nuts.